Update support statements (#8723)
dotnet/core: linux-support.md

# .NET Support and Compatibility for Linux Distributions

> .NET is supported by multiple [commercial and community organizations](support.md) on [multiple Linux distributions](linux.md).

Reviewer: nit: should we not say multiple twice in a row?

Author: ```suggestion
.NET is supported by various [commercial and community organizations](support.md) on [multiple Linux distributions](linux.md).
```

> .NET can be run on any Linux distribution, via:

Reviewer: can we say we run on any Linux distro?

Author: I'm unaware of any where that fails. .NET doesn't run well on FreeBSD, but that's not Linux.

- Portable builds, which are built to be broadly compatible with most Linux distributions.

> - Distribution-specific builds, which are built specifically for a given distribution version (like Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9 or Ubuntu 22.04).

Reviewer: should we mention this is done by other companies?

Author: The distribution-specific builds are not exclusively provided by other companies, but also the community. It's basically portable builds from MS and distro-specific ones from everyone else. The nod to RHEL and Ubuntu seems pretty strong already. Fair?

## OpenSSL compatibility

Portable builds support both OpenSSL 1.x and 3.x and can be run on distributions with either version of OpenSSL. For example, Ubuntu 22.04 only includes OpenSSL 3 in its official package archive.

The highest OpenSSL version is loaded by default, but can be [configured to use a specific version](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/79153#issuecomment-1335476471).

## Red Hat Enterprise Linux Family support

> New .NET versions will typically only be supported on RHEL era distributions in active support.
> 
> - RHEL 7 era distributions are considered in maintenance.
> - RHEL 8 era distributions are considered in active support.
> - RHEL 9 era distributions are considered in active support.
> 
> Red Hat family distributions include: AlmaLinux, CentOS, Oracle Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, and Rocky Linux.

Author: ```suggestion
New .NET versions will typically only be supported on RHEL versions in active support.

- RHEL 7 is considered in maintenance.
- RHEL 8 is considered in active support.
- RHEL 9 is considered in active support.

RHEL compatible distributions are also supported, including: AlmaLinux, CentOS, Oracle Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, and Rocky Linux. 
```

> The highest OpenSSL version is loaded by default, but can be [configured to use a specific version](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/79153#issuecomment-1335476471).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The highest OpenSSL version is loaded by default, but it can be [configured to use a specific version](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/79153#issuecomment-1335476471).
```

> RHEL compatible distributions are also supported, including: AlmaLinux, CentOS, Oracle Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, and Rocky Linux. 

Author: ```suggestion
RHEL compatible distributions are supported, including: AlmaLinux, CentOS, Oracle Linux, and Rocky Linux. 
```

> RHEL compatible distributions are supported, including: AlmaLinux, CentOS, Oracle Linux, and Rocky Linux. 

Reviewer: Is this missing a word like Most/All RHEL-compatible distributions or something like that?

Author: There could be other RHEL compatible builds. I'm listing the ones I know about. In short, if your RHEL compatibility is good, then we'll support .NET on your distro.
